a toast to the door of the cripple and
the mother madness toast dear brother in
fact we think you've done such a great
job at the hand of the King you should
sit on the Iron Throne me on the Iron
Throne my brother you have lost your -
was your hand in fact we made the iron
throne in just your size don't you think
the throne comes up a little short I
don't consider it small
I consider it fun size ha ha I give you
a hand for that joke dear brother I know
you definitely need it the Lannister
will always paste it especially if used
your Game of Thrones 3-0 fingers the big
bad Toys R is all colonies in the
description
one of the kids here's a big review the
game of thrones 3-0 tyrion lanister 1/6
scale collectible TV figure we got the
packaging has the Game of Thrones logo
on the top right here it has the
Lannister lion and a nice kind of indent
packaging it's a really skinny box it
says Tyrion Lannister 1 6 l collectible
figure and that's hard to see at first
but it says on the bottom hear me roar
Lannister box sleeve just seems to have
the indent of the Lannister line all the
way around has the same thing on the
back right there the table box says Game
of Thrones so the bottom of the box has
the threes there on the HP logo has a
big old warning label or do you want
show Kony Tyrion Lannister it might be a
small kind of jokey when you remove the
box sleeve you can see the figure a nice
window display box with accessories the
sides of the box says Tyrion Lannister
with the Lannister lion the back has the
hear me roar Lannister says Tyrion
Lannister long has the last year lying
with the Game of Thrones looking what's
time for this Lannister the pace that's
let's open up tear here we got the Game
of Thrones 3-0 Tyrion Lannister
one-sixth scale TV figure a really
awesome looking figure I just wish it
had more to it let's take a closer look
now this is my first 3-0 figure and I'm
quite impressed they're definitely
getting up there with hot toys and
sideshow collectibles in terms of school
team definitely has a great likeness to
Peter Dinklage
I really like the hair the pain that
looks really good the face definitely
still and of course this is Tyrion
before he got his battle scar and of
course in season 5 now he has a beard so
I really like that it has the hand of
the king and on hair so this is
definitely am based on season 2 you I
really like it a lot tailoring is pretty
nice for the most part the one thing
though the hands are pretty fugly
I do like that he has his lannister
rings but ain't and the sculpt look
really ugly I'm kind of disappointed in
the terms of their hands the outfit
though it was still very nice and I like
his low build and yeah his tunic type
thing is just really cool I really liked
the outfit that tearing wears and it's
quite small huh no pun intended butts
are really nice articulation Tyrians
head can fully rotate I can look up and
down quite nicely as a nice neck pivot
so he has two joints on the net
and upper head right there arms could
fully rotate the costume does restrict
it a little bit but it can go in out
quite nicely rotates out the Bisons only
one kind of joint maybe two it's kind of
hard to tell rotates of the wrist as
well as going out it doesn't seem like
he has an upper out crunch but he does
have a weight showing that fully rotates
kind of pivots falling back inside the
sight his legs go forward and back goes
in and out rotates at the over part like
he does been add two points at the knee
and his boots they you do rotate but he
doesn't really have any ankle pivot for
the back or side to side hearing comes
with a few accessories he comes with a
total of four hands so yeah as the one
for holding his goblet the book and then
he has a pair of relaxed hand side look
very fugly comes with a goblet because
he has to be drinking wine in the book I
believe we saw this in season two a
history of the great sieges of Westeros
so very nice it doesn't open up but it
does have some nice detail on there in
cabin holden but do you read so much
look at me and tell me what you see and
therefore this elf when he takes a look
in a book it's a reading rainbow a
rainbow that comes out of a book yes a
double rainbow in fact really no you
know nothing Jon Snow you bath size
comparison time stands a little under
nine inches tall compared to you the
x-men days of future past Wolverine he's
definitely with other once Excel figures
and you can see how much hardest and the
Funko legacy collection Jamie Lannister
a Game of Thrones is one of the best
shows on TV and Tyrion Lannister is one
of the best characters from that show so
I'm really happy with three so really
bring a lively character I think this is
great representation of a Terry
Lannister
I do wish they came with some more
accessories including a figure Stan I
think that's a must wait one sec scale
figures these days to have a figure
stand he doesn't have any extra wrist
pegs so if you broke up you're pretty
much out look the exclusive from the 3-0
store you did get the dagger he had from
season 2 which have been really cool the
standard release came when I can give
them a big bad toy store which I got
from for 119 hours a nine cents not bad
for a 1:6 scale figure at all but I do
wish he came with more things if yeah
the figures and a few other accessories
overall I am happy with the lightness
ugly hands
a little bit of a turn-off I am happy
with this figure and I can't wait for
the Ned Stark and I heard they're doing
Jamie Lannister and Jon Snow so I really
can't wait for more hopefully they do
Daenerys see if your big game of Thrones
fan I definitely recommend getting this
for more check out my website at seanix
Lancome like me on Facebook follow me on
Twitter Instagram links in description
I'm Sean long where I live long and love
life I demand a trial by combat and for
my champion I choose a Wolverine hey bub
I was sent here from the future that
stopped you from creating the Sentinels
I don't know what that is but I promise
you if you win I will give you all the
wine and women you could ever dream of
throw in some cigars and you got a deal
bub a Lannister always pays his debt
he's coming he's coming I don't know if
I should ask come on man we discuss this
okay lord Vader me me other stories were
asking why is the armor so useless
every time the rebels shoot at us we
just instantly die it's really heavy to
breathe in here too and